hey james paton I bird fresh off
a scavenging trip with the local
junkyard homesteaders Tony and
Amelia drop in on farmer james
truck huh say these trucks just
sit around got three trucks down
here are you gonna put a truck
bed back on that the truck and
some of these days are any of
these trucks running over here
you got you gotta travel apps
truck yard over here
why yellow in the market for a
trip up the market for a truck
for 20 years but I'm truck and
you managed to Dan one that
works when it works cheap one
anything that runs and has a big
truck bed that we can haul stuff
around and we can collect
collect ano junk and lumber and
use materials same reason why
you got a truck or three of them
for that matter
well with why here and looked
dazed and the door works
this runs on gas yeah we want a
big diesel truck we can convert
it to run on vegetable oil
because then it would be free to
drive the thing which is crazy
every year three billion gallons
of waste vegetable oil or french
fry oil is tossed out but if
that waste was converted to
biodiesel he could provide
enough fuel to run almost a half
a million cars for a hundred and
fifty thousand miles each well
I've got one up at the bar and a
part that runs on basically oh
really yeah we go up to tomorrow
and take a look at that when you
say if you've got me interested
met her I've got more the hair
collection then I need you know
yeah this map they just what
you're looking for town
alright let's have a look at
this truck yeah that batteries
day we don't have a battery put
in for you see where you're
lacking out again
do you know anything about the
engine in this thing I just
knows a good engine
well that's me i shall I knew
just drive
yeah oh right let's see it's got
a big long truck bed
this is perfect and our lives
would change of the office thing
you imagine how much stuff we
could scavenge there's nothing I
don't like about it except for
that it's not running so as long
as we can get it running
I mean it's perfect maybe we
could call the mechanic I guess
I just work all day and get him
a battery
ok we can put the battery in and
it starts up then great I'm
skeptical
there's gotta be something wrong
with it there's always something
wrong vehicles